README.md, before:

# go-indexed


`go-indexed` is an SDK for interacting [Indexed Finance](https://indexed.finance) smart contracts using the Golang programming language. It includes a library that leverages the Ethereum RPC client, a CLI for querying the smart contracts from the CLI, and a Discord bot that essentially provides a CLI/Library like usage experience through the Discord platform.

# Overview

## Discord

A Discord chat bot is included that allows for making read-only calls to Indexed Finance contracts Discord message. It has the current capabilities

* Return account balance for IndexPools contracts
* Return account staking balance and stake rewards earned for the staking contracts
* Return current tokens basketed into an IndexPool
* Notify about arbitrary conditions:
  * Currently only supports stake earned

## CLI

There is a basic CLI that can be used to make simple queries about the smart contracts.

## Library

TODO

# Installation

```Shell
$> git clone https://github.com/bonedaddy/go-indexed
$> cd go-indexed
$> go mod download
$> make # builds the CLI and creates an executable in the current directory named gondx
```

# Usage

## CLI

At the moment the only CLI command available is `gondx pool` please see its output for more information.

## Discord

First you'll need to create a Discord bot user that will be used, and get an appropriate access token. The following instructions star the Discord bot conencted to infura

```shell
$> ./gondx --infura.api_key supersecretinfurakey discord-bot --discord.token "supersecretdiscordtoken"
```

To view the general help menu send the following message from a channel the bot can read from and send messages to:
```
!ndx
```

To view help menu about the notify command:
```
!ndx notify help
```

# Development

To update the ABIs from the `indexed-js` submodule: `make copy-abi`

To update the generated golang code for the ABIs: `make gen-bindings`

Note: Updating the uniswap bindings is a bit tedious because of the usage of waffle which outputs a combined json file that isnt properly generating the golang bindings so you must manually copy the ABI from the combined json output into its own file

## Contract Bindings

#  bindings/uniswapv2_oracle

These are the contract bindings for the Indexed UniswapV2 Oracle

# bindings/uniswapv2

These are contract bindings for uniswapv2 itself

# Support

Support development of go-indexed by sending tips to [`0x5a361a1dfd52538a158e352d21b5b622360a7c13`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5a361a1dfd52538a158e352d21b5b622360a7c13), all funds received will be re-invested into Indexed Finance via governance token (NDX) purchases, or pool token (defi5, cc10, etc...) purchases.

Commit message:

update readme to note tvl tracking

README.md, after:

# go-indexed


`go-indexed` is an SDK for interacting [Indexed Finance](https://indexed.finance) smart contracts using the Golang programming language. It includes a library that leverages the Ethereum RPC client, a CLI for querying the smart contracts from the CLI, and a Discord bot that essentially provides a CLI/Library like usage experience through the Discord platform.

# Overview

## Discord

A Discord chat bot is included that allows for making read-only calls to Indexed Finance contracts Discord message. It has the current capabilities

* Return account balance for IndexPools contracts
* Return account staking balance and stake rewards earned for the staking contracts
* Return current tokens basketed into an IndexPool
* Notify about arbitrary conditions:
  * Currently only supports stake earned

## CLI

There is a basic CLI that can be used to make simple queries about the smart contracts.

## Library

TODO

# Installation

```Shell
$> git clone https://github.com/bonedaddy/go-indexed
$> cd go-indexed
$> go mod download
$> make # builds the CLI and creates an executable in the current directory named gondx
```

# Usage

## CLI

At the moment the only CLI command available is `gondx pool` please see its output for more information.

## Discord

First you'll need to create a Discord bot user that will be used, and get an appropriate access token. The following instructions star the Discord bot conencted to infura

```shell
$> ./gondx --infura.api_key supersecretinfurakey discord-bot --discord.token "supersecretdiscordtoken"
```

To view the general help menu send the following message from a channel the bot can read from and send messages to:
```
!ndx
```

To view help menu about the notify command:
```
!ndx notify help
```

# Development

To update the ABIs from the `indexed-js` submodule: `make copy-abi`

To update the generated golang code for the ABIs: `make gen-bindings`

Note: Updating the uniswap bindings is a bit tedious because of the usage of waffle which outputs a combined json file that isnt properly generating the golang bindings so you must manually copy the ABI from the combined json output into its own file

## Adding New TVL Tracking

There are two ways to calculate the USD value of assets in indices. One if by looking up their DAI uniswap pairs, the other is by looking up their ETH uniswap pairs and converting that to DAI. DAI uniswap pairs are preferrable as it reduces the amoutn of RPCs and time to calculate TVL however not all pairs have sufficient liquidity, and some pairs may not even have liquidity so you must lookup the pair on uniswap first to make sure that the liquidity is present. Otherwise you update `bclient/pool.go` to specify the alternate path (X -> ETH -> DAI) as the default behavior is X -> DAI.

## Contract Bindings

#  bindings/uniswapv2_oracle

These are the contract bindings for the Indexed UniswapV2 Oracle

# bindings/uniswapv2

These are contract bindings for uniswapv2 itself

# Support

Support development of go-indexed by sending tips to [`0x5a361a1dfd52538a158e352d21b5b622360a7c13`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5a361a1dfd52538a158e352d21b5b622360a7c13), all funds received will be re-invested into Indexed Finance via governance token (NDX) purchases, or pool token (defi5, cc10, etc...) purchases.
